[labs/observers] Fix controllers not observing changes if initialized after host connected (#3293)
lit/lit: .changeset/modern-turtles-judge.md

---
'@lit-labs/observers': patch
---

> Fix exported controllers not observing changes if initialized after the host has connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix controllers not observing changes to target element if initialized after the host has connected.
```
